Hi to whoever will read through this rant.

But basically I blame a lot of BCA and Bedwars Competitive (On Roblox) and thats why I've made all these tools.

I genuinely from the bottom of my heart love BCA and the Bedwars Community, both as a game and as a competitive scene. However, the reality is that Competitive is full of cheaters. What makes it worse is that many can climb to the top while staying fully undetected.

I'd join BCA very late because I never knew about competitive scene but thanks to Tonka for introducing me (ilysm), firstly I noticed how basically everybody is toxic, there are cheaters helping out others for closet cheating on leaderboards but It was well managed I will say because of Antlers staff team being hands-on about everything.

Next the Leaderboards. Right now in December 2025, you can easily tell that most of these players are either cheating or abuse the autowin system in order to get really high and free spots. Just take a look at Lategame and Raw PvP leaderboards and you will see the problem. I single handedly reported anonymously over 50-100 cheaters who have tried to get onto leaderboards, then I acquired exploit moderator (primarily because people saw how much I knew about cheats). Then I carried a lot of reports and all that. I didn't write this to praise myself but I'm writing this mainly because there is a clear problem.

Of course nobody at the time believed me and everybody thought I was false blacklisting a ton of people because of "How hard it was to cheat on leaderboards" or be biased and get away with it. So I decided to show everybody that it was possible.

So I made an alt account that some know as "akawar" and I had basically no help at all doing this, it was a solo mission and I had managed to get #2 lategame, #1 pvp, #1 player, Player of the Month, AND Clan of the Month before telling Taz (#1 pvper at the time) to pvp and I was going to expose myself. I did that and then got banned obviously for alting and showed that there was a cheating problem.

Then some time goes by with no problems besides me getting terminated a lot but still its okay.

But basically because people saw how much I knew about cheating because I also had helped make cheats and had my own projects. I only stayed as an exploit moderator and was the one who was mostly harassed because I was the most active.

You know who you are but basically because of FireRealm going into hibernation, Reign also going into Hibernation, and other owners just quitting entirely. Purple now has Owner role, Skill has SERVER MANAGER, and antlers is still a lead admin.

But because of Skill and Purple both being rats and exposing a lot of the shit I've kept talking about to them and how I detect cheaters. People are now finding ways around and is making it worse.

Now because I'm basically at my limit, I've fully quit Bedwars and BCA so now I'm making my own projects because I love making concepts but still. I could've ruined all of Competitive If I wanted to since most of it was basically in my own hands.

I love you all <3

Lets see what the future of Bedwars Competitive holds for closet cheating.
